SportsDatabaseManagementSystem
DBMS project using MS SQL server, Microsoft Access, Visio, Vb.net 
With vast amounts of data in the world organizing becomes a challenge. One area that comes under this is sports statistics. As an avid fan of sport, it seemed fitting to do a project that incorporated technology with my interest. There is a sports organization which offers various services to players and people associated with it. The organization 
provides scholarships to the players who are pursuing their studies for their future endeavors, which is the best part of the organization. Also, the organization has all the 
basic information regarding an individual player, coaches and so on. But if we check, there is no management system that is used by the organization. So, then we took the step 
to make a system for the organization. Maintaining the data which the organization deals with is interesting and will benefit the organization too, in terms of accessing, updating and so on. This project also helps the selection committee to select players for each tournament accordingly by looking at their previous records easily. Players can also view their profile anytime, anywhere they wish to. Project description: This project is to develop a database and a respective application for Sports and Athletes. The systems allow the athletes to enquire the availability of coaches' matches schedule and the data of the players who excelled at different levels and the statistics of the data in the games held every year. Example if a player wants to know how many runs or goals he scored or what is his university ranking. This allows the administrator level user to monitor the data and athletes.
